distinct_count_0                 (error)
distinct_count_0_type            error
distinct_count_null              (error)
distinct_count_null_type         error
distinct_count_empty_array       0
distinct_count_empty_array_type  int
distinct_count_array_1           1
distinct_count_array_1_type      int
distinct_count_array_3a          3
distinct_count_array_3a_type     int
distinct_count_array_3b          2
distinct_count_array_3b_type     int
distinct_count_array_3c          1
distinct_count_array_3c_type     int
distinct_count_array_3d          1
distinct_count_array_3d_type     int
distinct_count_array_nested      2
distinct_count_array_nested_type int
distinct_count_empty_map         0
distinct_count_empty_map_type    int
distinct_count_map_1             1
distinct_count_map_1_type        int
distinct_count_map_3a            3
distinct_count_map_3a_type       int
distinct_count_map_3b            2
distinct_count_map_3b_type       int
distinct_count_map_3c            1
distinct_count_map_3c_type       int
distinct_count_map_3d            1
distinct_count_map_3d_type       int
distinct_count_map_nested        2
distinct_count_map_nested_type   int
