mode_0                 (error)
mode_0_type            error
mode_null              (error)
mode_null_type         error
mode_empty_array       
mode_empty_array_type  empty
mode_array_1           7
mode_array_1_type      int
mode_array_3a          7
mode_array_3a_type     int
mode_array_3b          7
mode_array_3b_type     int
mode_array_nested      9
mode_array_nested_type int
mode_empty_map         
mode_empty_map_type    empty
mode_map_1             7
mode_map_1_type        int
mode_map_3a            7
mode_map_3a_type       int
mode_map_3b            7
mode_map_3b_type       int
mode_map_nested        9
mode_map_nested_type   int
